Rework che-theia tasks and commands (#1447)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/con_che-theia-task-types.adoc

        workdir: ${CHE_PROJECTS_ROOT}/quarkus-quickstarts/getting-started/target

  - name: Attach remote debugger
    actions:
    - type: vscode-launch
      referenceContent: |
        {
          "version": "0.2.0",
          "configurations": [
            {
              "type": "java",
              "request": "attach",
              "name": "Attach to Remote Quarkus App",
              "hostName": "localhost",
              "port": 5005
            }
          ]
        }
----

{prod-short} commands:: `Package Native App` and `Start Native App`
+
The {prod-short} commands are to be used to define tasks that will be executed in the workspace container.

* The `exec` type implies that the {prod-short} runner is used for command execution. The user can specify the component in whose container the command is executed.
* The `command` field contains the command line for execution.
* The `workdir` is the working directory in which the command is executed.
* The `component` field refers to the container where the command will be executed. The field contains the component `alias` where the container is defined.

VS Code launch configurations:: `Attach remote debugger`
+

> VS Code launch configurations are most of the time used to defined debug configuration. These configurations could then be triggered when the developer hits `F5` or `Start Debugging` from the `Debug` menu. The configurations will give information to the debugger such as the port to connect for debugging or the type of application to debug (node, java, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VS Code launch configurations are usually used to define debugging configuration. To trigger these configurations, press btn:[F5] or choose *Start Debugging* from the *Debug* menu. The configurations provide information to the debugger, such as the port to connect to for debugging or the type of the application to debug (Node.js, Java, etc.).
```
